Now it's time to talk about an inheritance.
One of the four features of object oriented programming.
This video is not going to be long because I'm going to keep it simple and to the point this is all
you need to know about inheritance whether you are working on your own project or working as a software
developer.
Google.
Here's a down to earth definition.
Inheritance allows one class to acquire attributes and behaviors of another class.
That's all very simple.
Now guess what happens when you instantiate the class that inherited from another class.
That's correct.
The objects these guys instantiated from the class will have access to the attributes and behaviors
of the class inherited from as well so you see the class inherited from has a first name last name and
a method show full name.
And once this class inherits from this class what you have is you have the original method field and
property from the previous video and then you have the new method and two fields that are inherited
from this class.
Notice in the class being inherited from we only have fields and a method so fields and a method.
This has nothing to do with inheritance but I wanted to put your attention to it so you can see that
a class can just have a few of the things such as the field and a method and a constructor but no properties.
But in summary as mentioned inheritance is a feature of object or programming which allows one class
to acquire attributes and behaviour a.k.a. fields properties constructors and methods of another class.
That's it.
Very simple.
There is nothing else to it.